/**
 * @document Don't Just "Don't Be Evil" Manifesto
 * @author Phillip McReynolds
 * @license MIT
 * /
 
Let's face it, we've lost control. We've lost control of our information; we've lost
control over the internet; we've lost control over our societies. Social media is a
mess, and lots of people complain about the disinformation and fonenting of hatred.
But that's just because it's visible. Everyone see's that going on. 

A much more insidious threat lurks in the phenomenon sometimes known as "big data"
(or "data mining", etc.) and that threat is mostly hidden, lurking in the humming,
dark hearts of data centers worldwide. Not that some people aren't concerned about
this phenomenon: companies taking our data, crunching our data, surreptitiously
influencing our behavior and selling that influence to whomever can pay.

But it is just so easy to click through the User Agreement (which no one reads).
And even if we were to agree to it, most people would simply click "I Agree" anyway
because, as they see it, they have no choice. The app they want to use is useful,
or important, or required by their business or other organization that is important
to them (perhaps even their family and social network). So they make the choice,
even when there's really no choice. 

And people appreciate the model: I can use this app for "free", simply by giving
consent for these companies to use my data as they see fit, within reason.

But it's worth asking: Is the app really "free"? Is what's being done with our data
really "within reason"? And even if it is now, will it always be? Once our data has
been given up it is gone forever. Not only that, it is amalgamated with countless
other data to build increasingly precise models of us with respect to our commercial,
political, and even personal behavior.

However, it doesn't have to be this way, at least not when there are alternatives to
this  model. Our app is committed to providing an alternative to this model, to being
part of the solution, not the problem.

Yes, we are in the information business. (Our industry is still occasionally called
"information technology", after all. But the difference with our app, our company,
is what we will and will not do with that information, your information.

Yes, we need to collect some information to provide services that you, evidently,
find useful, at least insofar as you've gotten this far into this app's documentation.
However, here's what we will and won't do with your information:

    We will not share any of your information with advertisers, other businesses,
    or anyone that you don't specify.
    
    Of course, advertisers and businesses aren't the only parties interested in
    your information. Governments are as well, and often the companies that
    provide you services will keep your information on hand "in order to
    refine and improve the services they offer to you".
    
    Obviously, we must operate within the law, so that if a government demands
    we give them your information and they are legally entitled to do so, we must
    hand it over. However, for this reason:
    
        Where possible, all of your information will be kept on your mobile device,
        not on a server.
    
    When information must be stored on a server, it will be maintained there only
    long enough to carry out a function necessary to provide a specific service to
    you (that is, to do something that you've asked us to do). 
    
    We won't keep that information one iota longer than is absolutely necessary to
    provide the service that you have requested, and we will delete it when that 
    service has been provided.
    
This is our pledge to you. It's not enough to just "Don't be evil." We can do better
than that.


